some 107
[Music]
Oh give thanks to the Lord for he is
good for his mercy endures forever
let the redeemed of the Lord say so whom
he has redeemed from the hand of the
enemy and gathered out of the lands from
the east and from the West from the
north and from the south they wandered
in the wilderness in a desolate way they
found no city to dwell in hungry and
thirsty their soul fainted in them then
they cried out to the Lord in their
trouble and he delivered them out of
their de-stresses and he led them forth
by the right way that they might go to a
city for a dwelling place oh that men
would give thanks to the Lord for His
goodness and for his wonderful works to
the children of men for he satisfies the
longing soul and fills the hungry soul
with goodness those who sat in darkness
and in the shadow of death found in
affliction and irons because they
rebelled against the words of God and
despised the counsel of the Most High
therefore he brought down their heart
with labour they fell down and there was
none to help then they cried out to the
Lord in their trouble and he saved them
out of their de-stresses he brought them
out of darkness and the shadow of death
and broke their chains in pieces oh that
men would give thanks to the Lord for
His goodness and for his wonderful works
to the children of men for he has broken
the gates of bronze and cut the bars of
iron into fools because of their
transgression and because of their
iniquities were afflicted their soul
abhorred all manner of food and they
drew near to the gates of death then
they cried out to the Lord in their
trouble and he saved them out of their
distresses he sent His Word and healed
them and delivered them from their
destructions
oh that men would give thanks to the
Lord for His goodness and for his
wonderful works to the children of men
let them sacrifice the sacrifices of
Thanksgiving and declare his works with
rejoicing those who go down to the sea
and ships who do business on great
waters they see the works of the Lord
and His wonders in the deep for he
commands and raises the stormy wind
which lifts up the waves of the sea they
mount up to the heavens they go down
again to the depths
their soul melts because of trouble they
reel to and fro and stagger like a
drunken man and are at their wit's end
then they cry out to the Lord in their
trouble and he brings them out of their
de-stresses he calms the storm so that
its waves are still then they are glad
because they are quiet so he guides them
to their desired Haven oh that men would
give thanks to the Lord for His goodness
and for his wonderful works to the
children of men let them exalt him also
in the Assembly of the people and praise
him in the company of the elders he
turns rivers into a wilderness and the
water springs into dry ground a fruitful
land into Berenice for the wickedness of
those who dwell in it he turns a
wilderness into pools of water and dry
land into water Springs there he makes
the hungry dwell that they may establish
a city for a dwelling place and so
fields and plant vineyards but they may
yield a fruitful harvest he also blesses
them and they multiply greatly
and he does not let their cattle
decrease when they are diminished and
brought low through oppression
affliction and sorrow He pours contempt
on princes and causes them to wander in
the wilderness where there is no way yet
he sets the poor on high far from
affliction and makes their families like
a flock the righteous see it and rejoice
and all iniquity stops its mouth whoever
is wise will observe these things and
they will understand the loving kindness
of the Lord
you